Now, let's talk about meta descriptions, meta descriptions don't appear anywhere on the front end
of your site, but they're used by search engines for the black text that appears under the title of
a search result.
By default, a snippet will be automatically pulled from your page content based on what the user searched
for.
But writing your descriptions yourself gives you the opportunity to increase your click through rate
significantly.
This can be done from the Yoast panel on the Post.
Ed click edit snippet, then enter your description right here.
Make sure it contains the keyword you'd like to rank for at least once and use it as an opportunity
to entice the reader to click through.
Just like with the title field, there's a colored bar underneath that tells you if your description
is too long or too short.
Always try to keep that in the green range.
There's really no good way to automate meta descriptions, and I don't recommend setting any global
meta descriptions since they should pertain to specific pages instead, just take an extra 30 seconds
or so after you finish writing a post or page to give it a relevant description.
I think you'll find it's well worth your time.